README.md, before:

[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](http://mybinder.org/repo/ioam/holoviews-contrib)

# HoloViews User Contributions

This repository is to allow [HoloViews](holoviews.org) users to
share tips, tricks and notebooks as easily as possible.

Anyone is free to contribute to our [User
Wiki](https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib/wiki) and we
welcome all PRs in the form of Jupyter notebooks and Python
scripts. Our aim is to make it as easy as possible for anyone to
contribute and you can find out more on our [How to contribute
wiki
page](https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib/wiki/How%20to%20contribute).

To keep things simple, we aim to minimize the necessary curation
of user contributions. The scripts and notebooks in this
repository are intended to work with the latest version of
HoloViews and if we find content that no longer works and that
cannot be easily fixed, we will archive it by moving it to the
archive subdirectory.

For live notebooks, we are using the generous free service
offered by [mybinder.org](http://mybinder.org/). At the time of
writing, this is the only free service that we know of capable of
running live notebooks - we hope to support other free
alternatives as they become available. If you notice that
mybinder isn't reflecting the latest state of this repository,
please visit [mybinder.org](http://mybinder.org/) and submit
``https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib`` to the 'Build a
repository' button.

Commit message:

Added static link to index.ipynb in README.md

README.md, after:

[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](http://mybinder.org/repo/ioam/holoviews-contrib)

# HoloViews User Contributions

This repository is to allow [HoloViews](holoviews.org) users to
share tips, tricks and notebooks as easily as possible.

Anyone is free to contribute to our [User
Wiki](https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib/wiki) and we
welcome all PRs in the form of Jupyter notebooks and Python
scripts. Our aim is to make it as easy as possible for anyone to
contribute and you can find out more on our [How to contribute
wiki
page](https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib/wiki/How%20to%20contribute).

To keep things simple, we aim to minimize the necessary curation
of user contributions. The scripts and notebooks in this
repository are intended to work with the latest version of
HoloViews and if we find content that no longer works and that
cannot be easily fixed, we will archive it by moving it to the
archive subdirectory.


To browse the available notebooks on GitHub without requiring
mybinder, please start with our [index
notebook](https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib/blob/master/index.ipynb). Once
you have found a notebook you want to run live, click the binder launch
badge above.

For live notebooks, we are using the generous free service
offered by [mybinder.org](http://mybinder.org/). At the time of
writing, this is the only free service that we know of capable of
running live notebooks - we hope to support other free
alternatives as they become available. If you notice that
mybinder isn't reflecting the latest state of this repository,
please visit [mybinder.org](http://mybinder.org/) and submit
``https://github.com/ioam/holoviews-contrib`` to the 'Build a
repository' button.
